[Music.]
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the sons of the pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's Dinah Shore.
Miss Dinah, you keep telling folks to see the USA.
How about telling them to be careful with matches and smokes while they're doing it?
I'll be proud to, Smokey.
This is a beautiful country we live in.
The forests and the grasslands, the clear lakes and fast-running streams help to make her beautiful and so enjoyable for all of us.
But we must keep these resources free from careless fire.
Friends, every car has at least one ashtray.
Let's remember to use it every time we have a smoke.
Let's go on seeing the USA and loving her.
But let's protect her at the same time.
Thank you, Dinah.
The Sons of the Pioneers here feel just as you do.
Listen while they sing The Touch of God's Hand.
The prairie sun sends down its ray to warm my heart through every day.
The starlight beams that guides my way are just the touch of God's hand.
The scattered pearls of morning blue, the rainbow mist on hills of blue,
The silver veil of moonbeams too Is just the touch of God's hand. The desert breeze that brushed my hair,
the leave that fell from who knows where, the scent of wild flowers in the air is just the touch of God's hand.
The wasteland call that fills the sky,
The hum of wild wings sailing by,
The warm earth bed on which I lie is just the touch of God's hand.
The desert yields a water pool, where wild things meet their throats to cool, and I'm a carefree, happy fool I know the touch of God's hand
The rain that falls, I love so dear,
And joy is mine just living here,
I know God must be standing near,
I felt the touch of his hand.
I felt
The touch of God's hand
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember.
Only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]